There is still some distance between us, are you tired?
Do you want me to carry you?
I'm not tired.
Oh my God.
Don't squeeze the cake point, throw the cake point, then take off.
My flowers are okay.
Yeah, right?
Fo Huai An, when you saved your mother Zhu Nhien
An An is bleeding a lot.
He asked me many times.
Why didn't my brother come to save me?
Does he not need me anymore?
When I call your name, just turn your head.
You can see An An is bleeding.
Maybe An An will not die.
You and suddenly
They're all An An's killers.
Can you sleep at night?
When An An lost too much blood, he said when he was cold.
Can you hear me?
You want to starve me?
Go and cook for me.
What you are, you have to take care of me.
You have to take care of me if you change your mind, I will kill you.
Here you are, tired?
It's you.